Workathon for Solidarity 2021 – Sign Up Now!
 
 
Dear Students,
We, Alex Dong, Soren Rajani, Jin Wang, and James Yu, are undergraduate students at the Vancouver School of Economics and currently work as Research Assistants to Professor Michael Peters. We wanted to let you know about a fundraiser that we are putting together from July 2 to 4, 2021.

Workathon for Solidarity is an event initiated by VSE students Amedeus Dsouza and Felipe Grosso in 2020 to raise awareness and funds for anti-discrimination causes by working on Econ Job Market’s Ph.D. placement dataset for around 10 hours a day, manually collecting and developing EJM’s dataset. You can find more information about last year’s event here: 

https://economics.ubc.ca/news/2020/vse-students-to-hold-workathon-to-raise-funds-for-anti-racist-queer-causes/

To continue with the efforts of building an inclusive Economics community, we have decided to run another Workathon this year. Recent events have compelled us to take action against the multifaceted nature of racism, misogyny, homophobia, transphobia, and biphobia which, even in its most subtle forms, contribute to conditions that permit overt discrimination and violence to occur. Although these challenges cannot be overcome within the span of a single news cycle or with a single donation, we hope to contribute to a vital conversation. 
With this year's Workathon, we aim to fundraise for organizations that work to support First Nations peoples, Asian American and Pacific Islander communities, 2SLGBTQ+ communities, and self-identified women and children in need. All donations received will be directed to the following four organizations:
- Indian Residential School Survivors Society, https://www.irsss.ca/
- Downtown Eastside Women’s Centre, https://dewc.ca/
- Stop AAPI Hate, https://stopaapihate.org/
- Egale Canada, https://egale.ca
 
We are currently recruiting volunteers for the event. As a volunteer, you will work alongside Professor Peters' research team to build the Econ Job Market dataset by collecting information on the placements of Ph.D. Economics graduates. Donations will be made by donors to the aforementioned organizations based on the number of entries collected during the Workathon, and hence you are encouraged to collect as many data entries as you can.

Plus, it is a virtual event and thus you can join from wherever you are! We will host a training session on June 28th, 6:30 pm PDT, attendance of which is a prerequisite to participation in
the event. Please sign up here: http://bit.ly/w4s21vol

We hope that the Workathon provides an opportunity for you to contribute to a publicly accessible dataset and contribute to academic research, all while helping raise funds for organizations that help make our world a better place for all.
 
Hope to hear from you soon.

Alex, Soren, Jin, and James
Workathon for Solidarity 2021
workathonforsolidarity@gmail.com
https://twitter.com/W4S_2020
