Author: Jin Wang

<A Brief Explanation of the Project>
A group of Economics students under the supervision of Prof. Michael Peters are organizing a workathon for solidarity. From July 2 - 4, 2021, they will work for three days along with the volunteers on populating and completing the database for econjobmarket.org - a key employment resource for economists - to raise funds and awareness for anti-discrimination causes. 
Corey’s version: A group of students at the Vancouver School of Economics are recruiting volunteers for the Workathon for Solidarity (W4S). The W4S sees students raise awareness and funds for anti-discrimination causes, supporting Indigenous peoples, Asian American & Pacific Islander communities, 2SLGBTQ+ communities, and self-identified women & children in need. Volunteers help build up a dataset on EconJobMarket.org, which tracks placement outcomes for Economics PhD graduates around the world. The workathon takes place Friday, July 2 to Sunday July 4. Mandatory volunteer training takes place in June 28 at 6:30 p.m. PT

<A Brief Sample Media Copy (Twitter)>
Workathon for Solidarity is a fund-raising event initiated by UBC VSE students to raise awareness and funds for anti-discrimination causes. Please sign up here to become a volunteer: http://bit.ly/w4s21vol
Please donate here: https://www.showpass.com/vse-workathon/

<A Detailed Explanation of the Project>
The Workathon for Solidarity is an event initiated by UBC VSE students Amedeus D’souza and Felipe Grosso in 2020 to promote awareness on and raise funds for anti-discrimination causes by working on Econ Job Market’s (EJM) Ph.D. placement dataset for around 10 hours a day, manually collecting and developing EJM’s dataset. You can find more information about last year’s event here: https://economics.ubc.ca/news/2020/vse-students-to-hold-workathon-to-raise-funds-for-anti-racist-queer-causes/#.YLf7ui2z1EI
To continue with the efforts of building a more inclusive UBC community, we have decided to run another Workathon this year. Recent events have compelled us to take action against the multifaceted nature of racism, misogyny, homophobia, transphobia, and biphobia which, even in its most subtle forms, contribute to conditions that permit overt discrimination and violence to occur. Although these challenges cannot be overcome within the span of a single news cycle, donation, or event, we hope to contribute to a vital conversation. All donations received this year will be directed to the following four organizations:
•	Indian Residential School Survivors Society, https://www.irsss.ca/
•	Downtown Eastside Women’s Centre, https://dewc.ca/
•	Stop AAPI Hate, https://stopaapihate.org/
•	Egale Canada, https://egale.ca
We, Alex Dong, James Yu, Jin Wang, and Soren Rajani, are students at the Vancouver School of Economics and currently work as research assistants to Professor Michael Peters. We want to draw attention to issues of race, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, and intersectionality, in particular, the impacts they have on students, faculty, and staff members, which must be discussed and evaluated by all of us. We hope that the Workathon contributes towards that ongoing process.
To increase awareness and raise funds for these anti-discrimination causes, we will be recruiting volunteers to work on EJM’s dataset for the three-day event. The volunteers will mainly be recruited from the Vancouver School of Economics at the University of British Columbia, along with some high school students. All participants of the Workathon are encouraged to collect as many data entries as they can. The joint efforts of the students will lead to a stronger positive impact over the community.
To raise as much funds as we can for the organizations, we will be promoting the event with the help of UBC and VSE media. We, along with Professor Peters, will also be reaching out to potential donors (including faculty members, local businesses, and international corporations) who may be interested in supporting our causes.
By running the Workathon this year, we aim to fundraise for organizations that work to support First Nations peoples, Asian American and Pacific Islander communities, 2SLGBTQ+ communities, and self-identified women and children in need; and to complete a database that students and alumni can use to guide their plans for a career in Economics.

<Event Summary>
The Workathon for Solidarity 2021 is a three-day fundraising event where UBC students and local high school students joined forces to raise awareness and funds for anti-discrimination causes. This year, amid the global pandemic and uncertainties, we, along with a team of fifty volunteers located across the globe, were able to conduct the entire fundraiser online, and pleasing results have been accomplished. The total amount of data entries generated is___; the total amount of funds raised is: _We would like to thank the UBC Vancouver School of Economics faculty, the VSE Career Center, the other participating UBC faculties, and the volunteers for their invaluable contributions to the initiative. These supports have contributed to organizations that support First Nations peoples, Asian American and Pacific Islander communities, 2SLGBTQ+ communities, and self-identified women and children in need. They have also further the completion of a public database that students and alumni around the world can use to guide their plans for a career in Economics. We hope that the initiative could bring the conversation of mutual respect and collaboration to a larger audience, and we hope that it could lead us a step closer to a more inclusive community.
